README.md, before:

# react-native-tooltip-menu

Currently works only with `iOS` and `Android`.

This component is modified from another project [react-native-tooltip-menu](https://github.com/alimek/react-native-tooltip-menu)

# How to install

```bash
npm install react-native-popover-tooltip --save
```

To use the component, import the component as shown below

```js
import PopoverTooltip from 'react-native-popover-tooltip';
```

# Example

![](https://github.com/wookoinc/react-native-popover-tooltip/blob/master/demo/screencast.gif?raw=true)

```javascript
class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      order: 1
    };
  }
  render() {
    return (
      <View style={{flex:1, alignSelf:'stretch', alignItems:'center', justifyContent:'flex-start', backgroundColor:'#fff'}}>
        <View style={{height: 40}} />
        <Text>Default Effect</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip1'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: 'orange', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          // animationType='timing'
          // using the default timing animation
          />

        <View style={{height:40}}/>
        <Text>Spring Effect</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip2'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: 'green', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          animationType='spring' // spring-damper animation
          springConfig={{tension: 100, friction: 3}} // tension controls the potential of the spring effect,
                                                     // friction controls the damper effect
          />

        <View style={{height: 40}}/>
        <Text>Button Expansion</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip3'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: 'yellow', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          animationType='spring'
          buttonComponentExpandRatio={1.2} // ratio of button component expansion after tooltip poped up
          />

        <View style={{height: 40}}/>
        <Text>Custom Styles</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip4'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: '#ED5736', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          animationType='spring'
          overlayStyle={{backgroundColor: 'transparent'}} // set the overlay invisible
          tooltipContainerStyle={{borderRadius:0}}
          labelContainerStyle={{backgroundColor: '#ED5736', width: 120, alignItems: 'center'}}
          labelSeparatorColor='#1BD1A5' />

        <View style={{height: 40}}/>
        <Text>Slow Button</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip5'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: 'yellow', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          // animationType='timing'
          // using the default timing animation
          timingConfig={{duration: 1000}}
          opacityChangeDuration={1000} />

        <View style={{height: 40}}/>
        <TouchableOpacity
          style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: '#B0A4E3', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}
          onPress={() => {
            this.refs['tooltip'+this.state.order].toggle(); // open popover tooltips one by one
            this.setState({order: (this.state.order)%5+1 });
          }}>
          <Text>
            Open Tooltip {this.state.order}
          </Text>
        </TouchableOpacity>
      </View>
    );
  }
}
```

# Configuration

## Props:

| Property | Type | Default | Description |
|----------------|---------------|-----------|--------------------------------------|
| buttonComponent | node ||| Component that can be long pressed
| items | `Array` | | Items to be rendered in menu. Each of item requires `label` as `string` or `function` if you want to render your own component and `onClick` as `function` to be called when you click item. |
| componentWrapperStyle | Object | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to overwrite wrapper for your `buttonComponent`
| componentContainerStyle | Object | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to overwrite container that is between wrapper and your `buttonComponent`
| overlayStyle | Object | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to overwrite overlay style's.
| onRequestClose | `function` | Optional, default `() => {}` | Modal onRequestClose required function on Android 
| labelContainerStyle | `Object` | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to change default `TooltipMenuItem` View's style.
| tooltipContainerStyle | `Object` | Optional | Style of the container of the entire tooltip menu.
| labelStyle | `Object` | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to change default `TooltipMenuItem` Text's style.
| labelSeparatorColor | `String` | Color of the separator between two tooltip menu items.
| animationType | `String` | timing | Tooptip popping animation. timing = popup within a specific duration, spring = popup with a spring bumper model.
| timingConfig | `Object` | {duration: 200} | Configuration of timing animation. Attribute duration is the duration of the animation.
| springConfig | `Object` | {tension: 100, friction: 7} | Configuration of spring animation. Attributes tension and friction control the behavior of the spring bumper effect.
| opacityChangeDuration | `number` | 200 | Duration of opacity change of the overlay, during both appearance and dispearance.
| buttonComponentExpandRatio | `number` | 1.0 | Ratio of button component expansion after tooltip poped up.
| setAbove | `Boolean` | false | Sets the default position of the tooltip to appear above the intended target.
| triangleOffset | `Number` | 0 | Number of pixels to offset triangle from center. Positive numbers will push right. Negative Numbers will push left.

## Methods:

| Property | Description |
|----------------|---------------|
| toggle | Open or hide popover tooltip |

Commit message:

Fix duplicated components and allow to open the tooltip on mount (#2)
* Fix duplicated components and allow to open the tooltip on mount

* Update README

README.md, after:

# react-native-tooltip-menu

Currently works only with `iOS` and `Android`.

This component is modified from another project [react-native-tooltip-menu](https://github.com/alimek/react-native-tooltip-menu)

# How to install

```bash
npm install react-native-popover-tooltip --save
```

To use the component, import the component as shown below

```js
import PopoverTooltip from 'react-native-popover-tooltip';
```

# Example

![](https://github.com/wookoinc/react-native-popover-tooltip/blob/master/demo/screencast.gif?raw=true)

```javascript
class App extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);
    this.state = {
      order: 1
    };
  }
  render() {
    return (
      <View style={{flex:1, alignSelf:'stretch', alignItems:'center', justifyContent:'flex-start', backgroundColor:'#fff'}}>
        <View style={{height: 40}} />
        <Text>Default Effect</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip1'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: 'orange', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          // animationType='timing'
          // using the default timing animation
          />

        <View style={{height:40}}/>
        <Text>Spring Effect</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip2'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: 'green', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          animationType='spring' // spring-damper animation
          springConfig={{tension: 100, friction: 3}} // tension controls the potential of the spring effect,
                                                     // friction controls the damper effect
          />

        <View style={{height: 40}}/>
        <Text>Button Expansion</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip3'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: 'yellow', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          animationType='spring'
          buttonComponentExpandRatio={1.2} // ratio of button component expansion after tooltip poped up
          />

        <View style={{height: 40}}/>
        <Text>Custom Styles</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip4'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: '#ED5736', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          animationType='spring'
          overlayStyle={{backgroundColor: 'transparent'}} // set the overlay invisible
          tooltipContainerStyle={{borderRadius:0}}
          labelContainerStyle={{backgroundColor: '#ED5736', width: 120, alignItems: 'center'}}
          labelSeparatorColor='#1BD1A5' />

        <View style={{height: 40}}/>
        <Text>Slow Button</Text>
        <PopoverTooltip
          ref='tooltip5'
          buttonComponent={
            <View style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: 'yellow', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}>
              <Text>
                Press Me
              </Text>
            </View>
          }
          items={[
            {
              label: 'Item 1',
              onPress: () => {}
            },
            {
              label: 'Item 2',
              onPress: () => {}
            }
          ]}
          // animationType='timing'
          // using the default timing animation
          timingConfig={{duration: 1000}}
          opacityChangeDuration={1000} />

        <View style={{height: 40}}/>
        <TouchableOpacity
          style={{width:200, height:50, backgroundColor: '#B0A4E3', justifyContent: 'center', alignItems: 'center', borderRadius: 5}}
          onPress={() => {
            this.refs['tooltip'+this.state.order].toggle(); // open popover tooltips one by one
            this.setState({order: (this.state.order)%5+1 });
          }}>
          <Text>
            Open Tooltip {this.state.order}
          </Text>
        </TouchableOpacity>
      </View>
    );
  }
}
```

# Configuration

## Props:

| Property | Type | Default | Description |
|----------------|---------------|-----------|--------------------------------------|
| buttonComponent | node ||| Component that can be long pressed
| items | `Array` | | Items to be rendered in menu. Each of item requires `label` as `string` or `function` if you want to render your own component and `onClick` as `function` to be called when you click item. |
| componentWrapperStyle | Object | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to overwrite wrapper for your `buttonComponent`
| componentContainerStyle | Object | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to overwrite container that is between wrapper and your `buttonComponent`
| overlayStyle | Object | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to overwrite overlay style's.
| onRequestClose | `function` | Optional, default `() => {}` | Modal onRequestClose required function on Android 
| labelContainerStyle | `Object` | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to change default `TooltipMenuItem` View's style.
| tooltipContainerStyle | `Object` | Optional | Style of the container of the entire tooltip menu.
| labelStyle | `Object` | Optional | Style `Object` if you want to change default `TooltipMenuItem` Text's style.
| labelSeparatorColor | `String` | Color of the separator between two tooltip menu items.
| animationType | `String` | timing | Tooptip popping animation. timing = popup within a specific duration, spring = popup with a spring bumper model.
| timingConfig | `Object` | {duration: 200} | Configuration of timing animation. Attribute duration is the duration of the animation.
| springConfig | `Object` | {tension: 100, friction: 7} | Configuration of spring animation. Attributes tension and friction control the behavior of the spring bumper effect.
| opacityChangeDuration | `number` | 200 | Duration of opacity change of the overlay, during both appearance and dispearance.
| buttonComponentExpandRatio | `number` | 1.0 | Ratio of button component expansion after tooltip poped up.
| setAbove | `Boolean` | false | Sets the default position of the tooltip to appear above the intended target.
| showTooltipOnMount | `Boolean` | false | Open the popover tooltip on mount.
| triangleOffset | `Number` | 0 | Number of pixels to offset triangle from center. Positive numbers will push right. Negative Numbers will push left.

## Methods:

| Property | Description |
|----------------|---------------|
| toggle | Open or hide popover tooltip |
